README.md, before:

# pool-trigger
A resource solely for triggering concourse builds when resources are
added to pools.

When a single job is configured to trigger on this resource it
guarantees one triggered build for every unclaimed lock that is in the
pool when the resource is created and one for each lock added
afterwards.

Do not use it to get or put locks.

### ATTENTION
##### Behaviour is only guaranteed if 
###### 1. A SINGLE job triggers on the configured pool.
###### 2. This job uses pool-resource to claim locks on the same pool.
###### 3. Locks are NEVER removed from that pool by other means.

#### Behaviour

##### In
no-op

##### Out
no-op

##### Check
1. Checks for newly added locks since the last version (or any currently
   unclaimed if starting fresh with no previous version) and adds these
to the tally in `.pending-triggers`
2. If the `.pending_triggers` tally is greater than zero it decrements
   the tally and returns the previous commit hash reference
3. If the `.pending_triggers` tally is zero it returns no new references

Note: If `check` fails to push the updated `.pending_triggers` tally it
will fail out. This should only happen if other commits are pushed in
between fetching and pushing the tally. It should resolve itself on the
next check with no intervention.

Commit message:

adds usage and failures to readme, also example pipeline
Signed-off-by: Gavin Enns <genns@pivotal.io>

README.md, after:

# pool-trigger
A resource solely for triggering concourse builds when resources are
added to pools.

When a single job is configured to trigger on this resource it
guarantees one triggered build for every unclaimed lock that is in the
pool when the resource is created and one for each lock added
afterwards.

Do not use it to get or put locks.

### ATTENTION
##### Behaviour is only guaranteed if 
###### 1. A SINGLE job triggers on the configured pool.
###### 2. No other job claims locks on the same pool.
###### 3. Locks are NEVER removed from that pool by other means.


#### Usage

Configure a `pool-trigger` resource in addition to a normal `pool-resource` 
resource for the same pool with identical parameters. Then add a `get`
step to your job referencing the `pool-trigger` and a `put` referencing
the `pool-resource` with `acquire: true`. Don't expect anything useful
from the `pool-trigger` as an input - the `in` script is a no-op.

An example showing an infinite loop that moves locks back and forth
between two pools forever can be found here: `./examples/red<>blue.yml`

#### Behaviour

##### In
no-op

##### Out
no-op

##### Check
1. Checks for newly added locks since the last version (or any currently
   unclaimed if starting fresh with no previous version) and adds these
   to the tally in `.pending-triggers`
2. If the `.pending_triggers` tally is greater than zero it decrements
   the tally and returns the previous commit hash reference
3. If the `.pending_triggers` tally is zero it returns no new references

##### Failures
1. If `check` fails to push the updated `.pending_triggers` tally it will 
   fail out. This should only happen if other commits are pushed in 
   between fetching and pushing the tally. It should resolve itself on 
   the next check with no intervention.
2. If a lock is removed from the pool by anthing other than the job that
   was triggered then the triggered job will at some point attempt to
   claim a lock from an empty pool. This can be safely ignored and the
   pool-trigger will behave as normal in the future.
3. If for any reason things get all wonky (e.g. `.pending-triggers`
   contains a negative number) things can be reset by recreating the
   pool-trigger resource in concourse (by deleting and recreating it or
   renaming it and naming it back again or something).
